Chrome addon: trusty **or later** (#2513)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/chrome.md

---

> The Google Chrome addon allows Travis CI builds to install Google Chrome at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google Chrome addon allows Travis CI builds to install Google Chrome at runtime.
```

> This addon supports both the Linux and [macOS](/user/reference/osx/) [build environment](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/overview/). For Linux, you must be running on [Ubuntu Trusty 14.04](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/trusty/) or later build environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This addon supports both the Linux and [macOS](/user/reference/osx/) [build environment](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/overview/). For Linux, you must be running on [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/xenial/) or later build environments.
```

Since yesterday, Google Chrome isn't supported on Trusty anymore.

> This addon supports both the Linux and [macOS](/user/reference/osx/) [build environment](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/overview/). For Linux, you must be running on [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/xenial/) or later build environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon supports both, Linux and [macOS](/user/reference/osx/) [build environments](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/overview/). For Linux, you must be running on [Ubuntu Xenial 16.04](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/xenial/) or later build environments.
```
